hello ila Mac and I'm a PC hey PC did
you hear that I'm the most best
operating system in the world it still
doesn't change the fact that I'm the
most widely-used
well I'm the best so I'm the best hey
there my Linux and technically we're all
pcs and we're running different
operating systems okay fine you don't
need to be so pushy about it
it was PC for goodness sakes his name is
Windows not PC and it looks like he's
crashed well luckily my power cord is
magnetic so I don't have to worry about
crashing to the ground when people pull
out my cord
anyway Mac I want to introduce you to my
co s one of the world's most basic
operating systems but not meant for
daily use hey there Mike hi you probably
won't get problem on the station from
Mike but Mike it's very well documented
oh okay
hello I'm a Mac and a PC no that was too
way to slice by side hello on the neck
and on the piece hello I'm a Mac and I'm
a PC
she said you may be doing it faster on
assembly feet facing the camera the only
thing that should turn you slightly to
anybody and you fully turn you in and
then look back in third one yes so it's
kind of like this look at what I'm doing
so you talking like this with your body
or it needs to play from having our feet
this is the seconds it still doesn't
change effective on the most knife most
it still doesn't change the fact and I
know mostly it's written on this widely
still doesn't change the fact that I'm
most widely used where were you looking
yeah you look to tell a little it's
possible yes I let me get everyone hunch
one of these talk to my facebook my dear
and this big board is probably no it's
not him popping out here round women
still doesn't change the fact that I'm
the most widely-used what
but very animated film well you need to
be elevated to believe that you've got
an Australian accent I still wasn't Eve
the fact that I'm the horse widely-used
know that you can't change your accent
halfway through we should eat your bunch
of different languages let's hope like I
show my catalogue or different languages
Russian Japanese childhood it still
doesn't change the fact that I'm less
one put your hands down and try make
loud sound when you're four just go like
that
oh don't hurt yourself because but I'm
not going to be able to get up quick
enough you can do fast
seas but we're running different
operating systems I can take down
handsome I'm so crunched down okay well
on the best no I'm the best
hi there I'm Linux oh and I'm supposed
to do that oh my gosh show me God
hey there I'm Lucy push as you're
standing on and she goes so far okay our
Jersey no no no no you have to get back
to Jersey what you thought what a fool
well one of the best no I'm the best
the haters decide you guys want to use
the Sun it's
just one letter just you trying to
attract to some sort of dating hotline
know how you buy but you don't need to
be so pushy about it with PC for
goodness sake his name is Windows not PC
crash he was PC goodness sakes his name
is Windows not PC well it looks like
he's crashed anyway Matt I want to
introduce you to the world's most basic
operating system Mike OS oh I said the
wrong thing and you've got to pick her
up I want to introduce you to Mike OS
one of the world's most basic operators
in Rosenberger oh no just this yes
anyway Matt I want to introduce you to
Mike OS one of the world's most basic
operating systems
hey I'm Mike
now it's really hola though we're do it
again will do again look at thank you
you probably won't get proper
conversation from line but most very
well documenting hey stop
don't jump don't drop stay still just
stay still I'll I'll be holding you and
say my job you should have got Linux can
you say that shrinking me no you should
have got me oh okay oh hey